Revamp ITR documentation (#17286)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/intelligent_test_runner/javascript.md

---
title: Intelligent Test Runner for JavaScript and TypeScript
kind: documentation
aliases:
  - /continuous_integration/intelligent_test_runner/javascript
further_reading:
    - link: "/continuous_integration/tests"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Explore Test Results and Performance"
    - link: "/continuous_integration/troubleshooting/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting CI"
---

## Compatibility

Intelligent Test Runner is only supported in the following versions and testing frameworks:

* `jest>=24.8.0`

>   * From `dd-trace>=3.10.0` or `dd-trace>=2.23.0`

Author: Need confirmation from @juan-fernandez about these

>   * From `dd-trace>=3.10.0` or `dd-trace>=2.23.0`

Reviewer: let's set them to these versions, as they include a bug fix
```suggestion
  * From `dd-trace>=3.11.0` or `dd-trace>=2.24.0`
```

  * Only `jest-circus/runner` is supported as `testRunner`.
  * Only `jsdom` and `node` are supported as test environments.
* `mocha>=5.2.0`

>   * From `dd-trace>=3.10.0` or `dd-trace>=2.23.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * From `dd-trace>=3.11.0` or `dd-trace>=2.24.0`
```

## Setup

> Prior to setting up Intelligent Test Runner, you must have finished setting up [Test Visibility for Javascript and Typescript][1]. If you are reporting data through the Datadog Agent you need to use v6.40+/v7.40+.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prior to setting up Intelligent Test Runner, set up [Test Visibility for Javascript and Typescript][1]. If you are reporting data through the Agent, use v6.40+/v7.40+.
```

> To enable Intelligent Test Runner, the following environment variables need to be set:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Intelligent Test Runner, set the following environment variables:
```
